FS bouncy castle expansion, inflatable otter suit

In the Upper Hall in the bouncy castle, I want to create a new bondage/struggle event. In the corner, there's a suspicious pile of soft plastic that the player can check out if they want to. If they investigate it, it turns out to be an inflatable otter suit that needs the player as a living orgasmic power source. As the player lifts it up to inspect it, it jumps to life and pushes away the player's clothes and equipment before rapidly engulfing the naked player, who then has to struggle with it before he's completely trapped. Meanwhile, the suit tries to pleasure the player into submission and inflate tightly before he escapes.

[ Secret backstory that will be worked on in the future: There's a feral female inflatable otter in the bouncy castle that wants a sex toy she can play with all the time, so she's made the suit, and now all she needs is a long-term power source for it. She won't be encountered in this installment, though. ]



1: Lowest level of bondage

The player is inside the suit that's zipped up. Hands are in inflated mittens, but most of the suit is pretty loose. The player's penis is inside the suit's inflated penis, and the sheath actively masturbates him, stroking and sucking. If the suit wasn't zipped up, it would be pretty easy to escape. The player is on his hands and knees. An integrated hood with an inflatable gag covers his head, and the player can barely look out through the suit's eyes.

Struggle

The player tries to use the mittens to locate the zipper and unzip it so he can escape, while trying to ignore that the suit is stroking his shaft. The zipper also tries to keep itself closed.

Abide

The player being masturbated feels so good that he reaches down to the suit's groin with one of his mittens and starts rubbing it, increasing the pleasure significantly.

Success (end event, release player)

The player successfully pulls the zipper all the way down and pulls the suit off with some difficulty. As it's completely removed, it goes inert until the next time the player gets too close.

Success while lust is too high (stay at 1: Lowest level of bondage, reset progress, increase libido)

The player manages to pull down the zipper and gets their hands free from the suit, but while they're trying to pull the inflated hood from their face, the suit continues to pleasure them and forces the player to orgasm before they can escape the suit. While the player squeals into their gag, the suit gets a surge of energy that it uses to pull the player back in and zips up again, resetting their progress. The player is back on hands and knees, panting from the exertion while the suit never stops pleasuring them. The player can feel that the suit has learned more about pleasuring them, and it's harder to resist it now.

Failure (go to 2: Mid-level bondage)

The suit masturbates the player to a big orgasm, causing them to squeal into their gag while they helplessly hump the suit, giving it much more energy with all the fluids being absorbed by the vinyl. It draws in a lot of air, inflating and becoming stronger, rolling the player on his back with arms and legs pointing up in the air. There's enough air in the suit now that the double-layered construction has the player lifted off the ground, stuck in the middle of the inflatable toy.



2: Mid-level bondage

With the player on his back, and a lot more air in the suit, it's much harder for the player to ignore the suit pleasuring him. It starts to rhythmically squeeze his body while it strokes his cock, and he unwillingly starts to moan in pleasure. The player's wrists and ankles are now gripped tightly by the suit as well, requiring the suit to be deflated some before he can continue his escape attempt. A reflective material in the ceiling allows the player to see the suit trapping and pleasuring him, as well as it slowly inflating more tightly.

Struggle

The player tries to squeeze some of the incoming air out of the suit so it doesn't have such a great grip on him.

Abide

The player enjoys the pleasure so much that he reaches down with both mittens to help the suit masturbate him. He can feel the airflow increase as he pleasures himself.

Success (go to 1: Lowest level of bondage)

The player successfully squeezes out enough air that he can roll back on his hands and knees and start looking for the zipper again.

Success while lust is too high (stay at 2: Mid-level bondage, reset progress, increase libido)

The player has managed to push enough air out of the suit that he tries to roll back on hands and knees. The suit exploits the player's weakness as he's trying to roll back upright instead of concentrating on resisting it, milking him to an orgasm, reinflating and resetting the player's entire progress. All the player can do is lay back, whimper, and twitch as the last waves of pleasure course through them before they have to start working on deflating the suit again. The player can feel that the suit has learned more about pleasuring them, and it's harder to resist it now.

Failure (go to 3: Highest level of bondage)

The suit forces a huge orgasm on the player, squeezing his whole body as it happens to extend the orgasm, giving it enough energy to inflate very tightly around him and preventing him from resisting.



3: Highest level of bondage

The player is still stuck on his back, but now the suit is inflated so tightly that he can only wiggle his arms and legs a little. The suit continues to pleasure him, more forcefully than in the beginning, sapping him of all energy to fight back. The zipper disappears into the suit.

Resist

The player tries to wiggle his arms and legs, but it doesn't make any difference, and the air pressure quickly returns them to their upright position.

Abide

The player tries to hump the suit while moaning, only wanting to feel the pleasure the suit is giving him.

Success (cannot happen)

No matter how much the player struggles, they cannot reduce the bondage level from this point.

Failure (go to 4: Game over)

A huge orgasm washes over the player, sapping them of their last energy to fight back. Since the suit engulfed the player, it has learned how to perfectly restrain and pleasure them, leaving them with no way to fight back.



4: Game over

The suit didn't need to break the players mind to keep them trapped, only physically overpower them. With the latest orgasm exhausting the player, the suit now has complete control over their body, and the player is forced to stay inside of it as its orgasmic energy source as it continues to make the player cum over and over again. The player sees the tightly inflated toy, with the zipper gone, mirrored in the reflective material in the ceiling before the eyes of the suit go opaque, leaving the player in darkness. They're only able to hear their own muffled moans and feel the soft plastic of the suit squeezing and milking them for its own purposes. The gag starts feeding the player a nourishing aphrodisiac liquid, and an anal stimulator is pushed into the player. The suit wants their partnership to continue for a long time.

Seen from the outside, the toy suit will wiggle a bit every few minutes as the player is forced to climax, and a muffled moan or squeal can be heard coming from inside, but there's no zipper or any other way to release the victim.


Non-compatible players

If a non-compatible player enters the area, they will find that the suit ha already captured a different victim, who is now trapped inside, squirming and moaning. While the player watches, the victim tenses up before a muffled squealing comes from inside the suit and its arms and legs shake a little, being forced into a prolonged climax. Not seeing any way to help the trapped victim - or even see them, since the suit is entirely opaque - the player reluctantly decides to continue while the moaning and squirming starts up again.
